for the preparation it's super simple
I use a protein pod
why because I have it on hand
and the benchmarks that we will use but
you can use any
dose is actually enough for just for
an idea of proportion so we will leave
we will start on pods of
protein powder for 4 pods of
five-grain florent
we can take the oatmeal it
walk too
we're going to put about a third of a
thing is to have affiliates
it's a shower we're facing
extremely accurate dosages besides
because it's convenient
here are the hand in hand then the tyrrell in
powder we will still open five
practice
I like it so I put about one
tablespoon it's true it's
strong enough to bo may fear
but we can decrease both that will change
not much in preparation for his
consistency and its contributions so
always on the dry
we had dried it is super good
and antioxidants for a deficit
relatively high will come everything moves
not on windows is ok so then the
chocolate the same about two-thirds of a
dose here and it will be for the party
dry of the same match just go
mix these are jaguars
shareholders
in the cairo for the wet part it's
it's still relatively simple so
went about an hour of pure and the
like cashew for the Bordeauxthèque
mashed peanuts parliament knowing that
can put one or the other that obliges me
put the two no I like to mix that
exchange
flavors and / or elsewhere
a spoon is enough
sweetened with protein in poor who
then already sugar and fruit puree
a big spoon this time the
vegetable milk
okay let's say we're ready to
two tablespoons and will mix
all so if it mixes well
but spent about 30 seconds at
microwave and there it takes it takes well
it makes us a kind of easter it's
where we see that a vote would have everything
just the two together
now it's simple or is
mixed we go there the snow the snow at
maximum finally here is product almost
finished so more than just placing it at
fridge one to two hours
she cuts out and and started after a
half past one in the fridge is enough
now to cut out
and here is your ready-to-wear bar